Kubecon NA Atlanta 2025 blogpost (#16983)
istio/istio.io: content/en/blog/2025/kubecon-na/index.md

---
title: "Istio at KubeCon North America 2025: Let’s Connect in Atlanta!"
description: Celebrate Istio at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America 2025.
publishdate: 2025-11-07
attribution: "Francisco Herrera, for Istio Community"
keywords: [Istio Day,Istio,conference,KubeCon,CloudNativeCon]
---

> An amazing lineup of Istio activities awaits you in Atlanta, Georgia at [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America 2025](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get ready for a packed agenda of **[Istio activities at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America 2025](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/)**, including Istio Day sessions on AI-ready service meshes, multicluster Ambient Mesh, hands-on workshops, contributor opportunities, and chances to meet maintainers and fellow community members in person.
```

{{< image width="100%"
    link="./kubecon.png"
    alt="KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America, November 10-13, 2025, Atlanta, Georgia. #KubeCon"
    >}}

> - Join us at [Istio Day](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/co-located-events/istio-day/) on Monday, November 10th, at our co-located event. We have an exciting program planned and can't wait to see you there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Join us at [Istio Day](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/co-located-events/istio-day/)** on **Monday, November 10 2025** — a full-day, community-focused event. Istio Day will feature sessions on AI readiness for service meshes, scaling Istio across multicluster environments with Ambient Mesh, validating and testing Istio setups, optimizing autoscaling, running stateful workloads like databases in Istio, and zero-downtime migrations to modern Gateway APIs. Attendees will also have hands-on workshops and opportunities to meet maintainers and contributors.
```

- Get the latest at the TOC Istio Session: [Istio Project Updates: AI Inference, Ambient Multicluster & Default Deny](https://sched.co/27NoI) to hear about new features, see what the community has been working on, and get a preview of the roadmap for next year.

> - Become a contributor at Istio Contribfest: [From Farm (Fork) To Table (Feature): Growing Your First (Free-range Organic) Istio PR](https://sched.co/27Nku) to learn more about the project and see how you can contribute your first PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Participate in Istio ContribFest:** [*From Farm (Fork) To Table (Feature): Growing Your First (Free-range Organic) Istio PR*](https://sched.co/27Nku) — a perfect session for newcomers and aspiring contributors to jump into the codebase and community.
```

- Add the following KubeCon sessions to your schedule, all of which have an Istio flavor:
    - [Istio: Set Sailing With Istio Without Sidecars | Project Lightning Talk](https://sched.co/27d4r)
    - [Lessons Applied Building a Next-generation AI Proxy](https://sched.co/27FWf)
    - [Automated Rightsizing for Istio DaemonSet Workloads | Poster Session](https://sched.co/27FYD)
    - [Gateway API: Table Stakes](https://sched.co/27No3)
    - [Know Before You Go! Speedrun Intro To Gateway API | Project Lightning Talk](https://sched.co/27FcW)
    - [Return of the Mesh: Gateway API's Epic Quest for Unity](https://sched.co/27FYA)
    - [5 Key Lessons From 8 Years of Building Kgateway | Project Lightning Talk](https://sched.co/28yGT)
    - [GAMMA in Action: How Careem Migrated To Istio Without Downtime](https://sched.co/27FX9)
    - [Taming Rollout Risks in Distributed Web Apps: A Location-Aware Gradual Deployment Approach](https://sched.co/27FVh)
    - [End-to-End Security With gRPC in Kubernetes](https://sched.co/27FVP)
    - [On-Call the Easy Way With Agents](https://sched.co/28D66)

> - Visit the Istio Kiosk in the Project Pavilion: Stop by any time during the event to meet the maintainers, chat with fellow users, and get your questions answered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Meet us in person!**  
  Stop by the **Istio kiosk** in the **Project Pavilion** throughout the event to chat with maintainers, contributors, and users — and grab a cool new Istio T-shirt featuring our latest design!
```
